# JVAnalysis
Collates and summarises .SEQ files generated by custom Swansea University solar simulator software into more managable summarised excel spreadsheets.

## Description
The code is written in MATLAB R2019b. By running the JVAnalysisV4 MATLAB code, the user will be asked to select the folder where their .SEQ files are located. The program will import all of the data from the .SEQ files into an array. This data will be sorted, collated, and exported into summary spreadsheets. Multiple spreadsheets may be generated depending on the devices that were measured. The user does not need to specify which spreadsheets to generate, the code will generate the relevant spreadsheets based on the data that is present. These may include: light photovoltaic paramter summary (all devices & pixels), dark photovoltaic parmater summary (all devices & pixels), light IV summary (all pixels, one spreadsheet for each device), and dark IV summary (all pixels, one spreadsheet for each device).

## How to run the code
Download all included files and place them into a folder on your PC. Add this folder to your MATLAB path and run the JVAnalysisV4.m file. When prompted, select the folder that contains the data you wish to process and the code will run automatically. Output data will be generated within a folder titled "JVAnalysisV4 exports ...".

## Credits
Code written by Andrew Clarke.

## Licence
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Andrew Clarke

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
